By Ernesto Perez Fall 2013 Florida International University
Sernior Porject Mobile Clinic Version 2

Developer and Production enviroments are using different databases. This is a serios mistake, since
PostgreSQL and SQLite are so different than we will only see the errors once they are in production.
I received the project like this, and since I strugle to install PostgreSQL on my local machine, I continue
using this system; but I recomend not to.

In the "bootstrap_and_overrides.css.scss" file that is located at app/assets/stylesheet/ I put a commend 
for some weird behavoir that I was finding between Development and Production. In line 253 you will find the
commend. Basically the left side menu on the project appears in different places depending on that line.
I was not able to fix it, and honestly I did not try to hard since there were thing more important than that.
For Development you should keep the line commented out, and for production uncommented out.

In the file "application.js" which is at app/assets/javascript/ there is an error which I try very hard to fix
but was unable to. The problem is that the dropdown in the menu at the top right corner of the webpage does not
work in development if you do not put the line //= require bootstrap/dropdown before //= require jquery. 
For production you need to remove this since in production everything is fine, but for some reason unknown
by me, the javascript does not work for the dropdown functionality if that line is not before jquery.

At the api_controller, you will find an if stament cheking for the timestamp that the Local Server send,
and comparing that timestamp to a hard code date that I wrote over there. That date is some date from 1901
in epoch unix time. The explanation for that is that Local Server and Cloud Server are using different
databases, so as a result the Local Server sends a weird date so far back that PostgreSQL gives an error
saying that the date is out of range. The only solution that I could find was cheing with a fix date
that I know works in PostgrSQL and that is really far back, and if the date coming from Local Server is less
then using my date instead of the otherone. This is purely a hack, but I need it to fix this and I was agaist
time, so I leave it to future developers to give a better solution to this problem.

Since Development and Production have different databases you will find some ""\columns\"" inside select
clause that have quotes with backslah at the beginning and at the end. The reason for that is that when Rails
perform queries, it converts all columns to lowercase, and SQLite does not care about it, but PostgreSQL is 
too delicate, so if the column has a leter in upper case then it will give you an error.
Ex. select("patientId") will give you an error in PostgreSQL since Rails will turn all to lower case
and for PostgreSQL patientid is not the same as patientId. Write it like this select(""\patientId"\") while
you have two different databases otherwise you wil have some error.

